README.md, before:

# io4edge-client-python
python client sdk for io4edge.

[io4edge devices](https://docs.ci4rail.com/edge-solutions/io4edge/) are intelligent I/O devices invented by [Ci4Rail](https://www.ci4rail.com), connected to the host via network.

This library provides support for the following function blocks within io4edge devices:
* Analog In TypeA - IOU01, MIO01
* Binary IO TypeA - IOU01, MIO01
* CAN Layer2 - IOU03, MIO03, IOU04, MIO04, IOU06
* MVB Sniffer - IOU03, MIO03
* Binary IO TypeB - IOU06
* Binary IO TypeC - IOU07

Currently not supported, but will follow:
* Motion Sensor - CPU01UC

Not planned: Support for io4edge management functions, such as firmware update. Please use io4edge-client-go for this.


## Installation

```bash
pip3 install io4edge_client
```

### Usage

See [examples in github repo](https://github.com/ci4rail/io4edge-client-python) for usage examples.

## Copyright

Copyright © 2021-2023 Ci4Rail GmbH <engineering@ci4rail.com>

io4edge_client_python package is released under Apache 2.0 License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Upgrade proto (#13)
* upgrade api to recent protobuf version, Fix #8
Add docker example

README.md, after:

# io4edge-client-python
python client sdk for io4edge.

[io4edge devices](https://docs.ci4rail.com/edge-solutions/io4edge/) are intelligent I/O devices invented by [Ci4Rail](https://www.ci4rail.com), connected to the host via network.

This library provides support for the following function blocks within io4edge devices:
* Analog In TypeA - IOU01, MIO01
* Binary IO TypeA - IOU01, MIO01
* CAN Layer2 - IOU03, MIO03, IOU04, MIO04, IOU06
* MVB Sniffer - IOU03, MIO03
* Binary IO TypeB - IOU06
* Binary IO TypeC - IOU07

Currently not supported, but will follow:
* Motion Sensor - CPU01UC

Not planned: Support for io4edge management functions, such as firmware update. Please use io4edge-client-go for this.


## Installation

```bash
pip3 install io4edge_client
```

### Usage

See [examples in github repo](https://github.com/ci4rail/io4edge-client-python) for usage examples.


### Running in Docker

To run the examples in a docker container, you can use the provided `Dockerfile` in `examples/docker` directory.

In the Dockerfile, Replace `dumpstream.py` script with your python application path.

To build the docker image, run the following command on your host to build it for your target platform, in this case the target platform  `linux/arm64`:

```bash
docker buildx build --platform linux/arm64  -f examples/docker/Dockerfile . --push -t <your-docker-image-name>:<version>
```

On your target platform, run the container in the host network, so that you can use the service names of the io4edge devices:
```
docker run --network=host <your-docker-image-name>:<version> <parameters-to-your-python-script>
```

## Copyright

Copyright © 2021-2024 Ci4Rail GmbH <engineering@ci4rail.com>

io4edge_client_python package is released under Apache 2.0 License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
